hello and welcome back to learning
English with Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and in this series I
teach English while playing Minecraft
and it looks like there's a zombie in
our garden right here
get out of here
die
get out of my garden
so
if you watched my last video
then you know that I died
and lost everything that I had I dyed
while searching for diamonds underground
and lost everything
so I respawned in the village and I had
to find my way back home well I built
some new tools and re-equipped myself
after dying in the last episode
I felt a little bit defeated
and I don't really want to go back
underground and search for diamonds
again and to be honest I since the
beginning of this series have felt a
little bit lonely
I built this house all by myself
I've gone exploring caves by myself I've
gone Sailing by myself
I've had to do everything all by myself
so in this video I am going on a quest
to find a companion whether it be a wolf
or a pig or a chicken or even a fish I'm
going to find something to befriend
let's see what I have that I could give
to an animal
so
I have some wheat
I think that sheep like wheat
and also maybe cows
I have a seed which I could give to a
chicken
um what else
I don't have any bones
dogs like bones but
I don't have any
okay
well
I have carrots as well
I think that pigs like carrots
more carrots
all right
let's go search for a companion
are there any fish down here
not you
oh no
I'm almost dead
I forgot to eat food
to
regain my strength
the creatures in Minecraft like to dance
around these days
copper
fish
when there are a lot of little fish
together
we call them a school of fish
school of fish
there are some bunnies
are there any animals here that want to
be my friend
there's a horse
hmm I think that horses like apples and
right now I don't have any apples
hello chicken
do you want to be my friend
I'm going to give him some seeds
some seeds
here you go
and now he loves me
we're Buddies
I'm going to call him
Eggbert
Egbert is his name
I'm going to take Egbert back home
uh
wherever that is
I'm a little bit lost
I think this way
no this way
this way hmm yeah there's the
there's the tip
let's go Eggbert let's go
I'm taking Egbert back to the house with
me
oh no come on
Egbert come on
Egbert is a little bit slow but it's
okay
almost there
you see Egbert you see this is my house
this is where I live
that house is where I am taking you
okay Eggbert so now it's time we have to
swim
across across the river
swim swim Egbert is swimming
he's flapping his wings
Egbert swims really slow
you know
you can do it Egbert come on come on
you can do it
oh no
[Music]
There's a Zombie down there in the river
right there I can see him
he's holding a trident
Egbert is all by himself out there
okay I'm going to kill the zombie
I die
I did it
Egbert it's safe now let's go
an egg
I got an egg all right let's go let's go
let's go come on Egbert come on almost
come on
Egbert yay
Egbert is here
I'm going to close the doors I'm going
to close the doors
there you go
all right Egbert welcome to the house
so I have two name tags two name tags
these name tags can be used to name
things like Eggbert
I want to use one of these name tags
to name Eggbert
but in order to use a name tag
first I need an anvil
and to build an anvil I need a lot of
iron
let's see how much iron I have now
I have 30 iron
I don't know if 30 iron is enough or not
let's see
so
I'll need three iron blocks iron blocks
in order to build an anvil
so each block
each block of iron
takes nine iron ingots
and now
one one two three
one two three oh
oh
I am one iron ingot short
I just need one more iron ingot to put
right here
oh
one short
so
I guess right now I'm going to sleep and
in the morning I'll go get one iron
ingot somewhere
so for now I'm going to sleep all right
see you later Egbert I'm going to look
for iron
see you later
all right
it's time to find one block of iron
I'm just gonna go down here
I think that I will definitely find some
iron down here
I'm going to continue digging this
staircase
all the way to the bottom of the world
and maybe along the way I'll find some
iron
to finish building my anvil
so oh
here we are this
this right here
this is bedrock
and Bedrock is at the very bottom of the
world
so that means I am at the bottom of the
I can't go down any further
so here
I'm going to dig a tunnel this way
I haven't seen any iron I think I might
be too deep to find iron
I'm going to go back up a little bit
okay
I've been here several times now
and I know that I've seen Iron here
there is some iron
finally
there we go all right
I've got some iron and now I'm going
back up
I'm back up to my house so I can build
the Anvil
all right
and back up the long staircase
all right it's night time
I'm going to smelt the iron
into iron ingots
and while it's melting I'll sleep let's
see do I have any sticks
no
but I can build some I'm going to build
more torches
with sticks and coal
and now
now I'm going to light up all of this
island with torches
a skeleton
I remember what skeletons did to me in
the last video
die
no
oh
no forgiveness for skeletons
some carrots
I'm going to eat some of these carrots
our farm is producing a lot of food
I'm going to pick up this bone right
here
because I think in the future I will
want a dog
I'm placing all of these torches so that
this island in the night will be all lit
up
if this island is lit up in the night
monsters won't spawn here
hmm
so I'm placing all these torches to make
this area this island more safe in the
night
I think that I'm going to plant bamboo
all around the outside of this island
like a huge wall of bamboo
all right the iron has to be done
smelting
yep iron
so now
one two three blocks of iron and one two
three four iron ingots makes an anvil
anvils can do lots of different things
but right now I'm just using the Anvil
to make
my name tag
so I am naming you Eggbert
so I will type
Egbert
e g b e r t
right here
and now
I have a name tag called Eggbert that I
can give to this chicken there you go
Egbert now this chicken is officially
named Eggbert hello Eggbert
I feel much better now that I have a
friend in this world Eggbert
so I'm going to end this video right
here
if you liked this video you could click
the like button or subscribe to my
channel by clicking up here
and if you want to continue learning you
could watch my last video by clicking
down here thank you so much for watching
and I will see you in the next video
see ya